Mohamed AL Sharif
CMS 450
Dr. Myers
11 December 2020
1.	Think back to how you felt at the beginning of the course. What were your expectations?

Firstly, looking back at September my exceptions for the course I read the syllabus before the first day of class, and I was thinking to myself this going to be a really interesting  semester. I never thought I would attend a class with covered mask social distancing a lecture with professor wearing a mask. I knew from the beginning I’m going to have difficulties in this class. I knew this going to be scrummage with sprints and group work I have nothing against working in groups but knowing all the stuff about covid 19 I wanted to keep distance and work alone. Furthermore, I knew I was goanna be working by myself with no group work on sprints. As a result, my expectations  were I’m not going to be very participant in class I feel uncomfortable wearing a mask surrounded by other students I knew I would easily be distracted with other issues. I knew I would have difficulties since I get dehydrated really quick and won’t be able to have water with me in the class for health and safety reasons, since covid 19 has changed the way so much of how professor lecture. I know it was going to be like a new semester as freshmen not a senior since it was something I was not use to. I hoped to learn a lot about html also I was very anticipated to learn more about cryptocurrency as that was my favourite topic after reviewing the syllabus. 
2.	Tell a story about a topic, problem, or assignment from the class that challenged you. How did you respond?

	A problem I had is that I did not talk to Doctor Myers at the beginning of the semester telling him that I would work induvial on the sprints and not in groups. Thus, as mistake of my bad judgement fear from covid 19 overthinking about the situation so much I messed up by not completing the first two sprints although I did the quiz for the sprints. Also thinking about how should have been in groups being shy fearful not talking about to my professor about my feelings in the beginning I messed up the entire semester for myself. Furthermore, regretting not working with a group for the sprints I hated myself so much for putting myself in situation that should not even be a problem in first place and not completing the first two sprints. As a result, this my final semester but it was a good life lesson for me to talk about issues and not be fearful about something that is not issue after looking back at it. 
3.	Tell a story about an interaction you had with another person because of this class.
I would wish I could answer this question, but I have had no interaction with anyone in the class. I have been working on my own on the sprints with no groups with the covid 19 situation I try my best to keep distance from other students. Thus, I’m not able to answer this question. 
4.	Other than programming, what have you learned from this class that you can take forward into your other classes or post-Rollins work?

I have honestly learned an important life lesson from this class it’s hard to believe, but I honestly have to always speak up how I feel especially now I have found a career for myself, and I have to talk about how I feel. So that I don’t put myself its situation I cannot resolve leave to the last minute. I was so quiet and fearful this semester with myself and professor to embarrassed to even email the professor during the semester until I eventually got to a point at the end literally the last week of classes to talk to the professor. I honestly, I’m so disappointed at myself I have not accomplished what I can accomplish in this class. Also, I messed up my grade I should go talk to professor in stuff I don’t know even with submissions I was just to feared to talk about this issue thinking too hard, and not being honest. 
5.	What has been your experience on learning during the pandemic, whether that was in-person or remote? What did you find most challenging? What (if anything) worked well for you during this time?

The hardest part is that getting scared of getting covid 19 and taking all the proper guidelines then not working to my best of abilities during this class. Also reaching to the end then the thing I have been so causation about I get and ii can’t do anything for two weeks, and with issue I already cause by not talking about my problems in the beginning my problems just get worse not able to do my work getting my school work done submitting. Submitting on time but not actually submitting since this was my first time doing it with pull request to scared to talk the professor it was a very worried experience it has been one of the most fearful I have ever had. I did not deal with situation I feel like this was my first semester at university and not my final one. As a result, I hope a pass this class be able to start to work pay of my loans my problems get over with this fear. It has been a really hard semester for me I just want to get it done. 
6.	What are your thoughts on online vs. in-person education? Do you think there are positive aspects of online teaching that we should incorporate into our regular classes?

I am thinking online is bad way to tech it makes you to comfortable makes you feel like you have no responsibilities to be in class on time or attend and just go online. I personally think in person is much better much more structured helps the student learn better. Furthermore, I honestly hated this semester one of the hardest must frustrating one I have ever done this pandemic has ruined my final year in college. Thus, I think online is not the best way to teach but with the circumstances it makes sense to have it even that I fear covid 19 I attended because I know I do better onsite, but fear of covid 19 also makes me stay away especially when the cases go up.
7- Metacognition is the act of thinking about your own thinking. The single most important skill you can develop in college is self-awareness about your own learning process. What have learned about your own learning as a result of being in this class?

I have learned to be more responsible I know I don’t have much to show for it, but by the end of self-learning is very difficult and I use to enjoy it. I used to enjoy self-learning this semester was different I couldn’t wait until it was over it was really hard and difficult I had to spend a lot of time looking at different sources to help me out, but eventually I would get it done. This has been a really hard class for me during the pandemic I can’t wait to get over. Furthermore, in the real world I have learned more to talk about my issues and weakness I face as person to better myself. As a result, I hope to complete this class and start to work and learn from this short time more than I ever thought I would. 
